Hey everyone, quick tutorial on Evadus Light, the free tuning tool I made. So the first things you do is obviously you download our app and you sign in. Then you just press start browser and run in background to run the main app in the background. However, the first thing I just have to clarify is that this is a demo version which can be screen recorded. The version that you download from a website cannot be screen recorded. But obviously I have to make this demo. First and the most important feature is that at no point will your cursor change while using the overlay. You'll notice that when I hover my cursor over things that my cursor never changes. And that is so that someone that is perhaps watching your screen will never notice that this window is open. Even if I go into a place like YouTube and let's say I don't know, maybe I want to take the gay test, my cursor will never change even once. So that someone watching a screen recording of you taking a test, they will never see your cursor changing at all. Second cool feature which I think a lot of you are going to love is the screen sharing feature. Now, just quickly, I'm going to come into the settings here, and you'll notice control, shift, and f7 is to open the main app from the background. So, I'm going to press control shift, f7, and there we go. It's back. I'm just going to minimize this. Then, I'm going to go into screen sharing. And then right here, you can screen share to another person anywhere in the world from any device. So, I'm going to share my main monitor, which is this one that I'm recording on, 1920 x 1080 30 fps, and I'm going to use Nvidia encoder. And then the quality preset doesn't really matter that much. I'm going to press start streaming. And there we go. Now you can copy this link. You can go to this URL and then you can view the chat room from that URL or you can just scan this QR code. So then what you do when you start screen sharing, share this URL to a friend of yours. Then you go into a web browser. You just paste that link and then it's going to say you have to get the host approval. Then right here it's going to put the IP address that wants to connect. And then you can choose to deny it, ban them from making more requests or accept them. I'm going to click accept. And there you go. Now your friend can see your screen just like you're seeing it. Now let's open up our browser again. Go into screen sharing and you and your friend can chat between each other from here. So you can type messages to each other and he can give you answers like this. However, obviously you can't chat to your friend from inside the app since this is running in the background. So what you do is you copy the chat room URL and then you say run in background again. Then inside of the invisible browser, make up a new tab, paste that URL, and now you and your friend can chat just like normal. Next is the screenshot feature, which is probably the most useful. So, I'm going to come into my settings here, and the screenshot hotkey is shift, alt, and z. So, what I can do now is essentially take screenshots of my screen without anyone knowing. So, shift, alt, and z. And I'm going to go back into the app, and you'll notice here's the screenshot. So, now you can drag these screenshots into any place you want, like chat GPT, like that. And you can take as many as you want. You can also use your microphone just like normal. You can see here I'm in the browser using my microphone, and it works just fine. The next thing that I'm sure you're worried about is the actual keyboard hooks. You notice here there's quite a few hotkeys that you can use, such as to move around the overlay using your keyboard. I'm sure you're worried that someone can actually see those using a keystroke logger, but they actually can't. And I'll show you. So, right here, I have something called a keyboard event viewer or a keystroke logger. And as you can see here, it logs all the keys that you press. Right there, I press the W and D keys just over and over again. However, our specific hotkeys cannot be keystroke logged. So, our screenshot hotkey, Shift, Alt, and Z. I'm going to press right here. Press shift alt z. And you notice there the only key that it detected was the shift key, the key down and the key up. It didn't detect the alt and the z at all. And this is not suspicious at all since obviously you're pressing the shift key the whole time to capitalize your letters. So this is not suspicious at all. Now if you've been cheating a while, you know that the very important thing is to make sure that the name of the app is not suspicious. So if I didn't tell you, you would have absolutely no idea what our app was called. So what we do is we hide it with a legitimate sounding name. The app that I downloaded was called Audio Access Transmitter. Also, every single user gets a different app name. The version that you download might be called something completely else like Firewall Access Broker or something similar. Our app actually has 6 million potential different names. So, the chances that you download an app with the same name as another user is so small. And if at any time you want to download this and check it out for yourself, it's completely free. You can come to our website right here. Join our Discord server. Also, it's full of users that can vouch for it. and I'm very active there as well. The next very useful feature is bookmarks. You can come to any website and bookmark it so that you can come back to it later with just one click. Next, as I showed previously, you can minimize and restore the overlay by just quickly pressing a hotkey. You'll also notice that when it's in its minimize state, it looks very, very normal. You can put this pretty much any place on your desktop if you're writing an in-person test and the supervisors won't know at all. Next very important feature is that by default, the overlay is going to be muted by everything. You notice here that even if I go into YouTube and I'm watching a video and it's at full volume, it doesn't play back anything. The only way to hear what it's actually doing is to press this button and then it unmutes it as you but by default to avoid risk, maybe you're busy taking a test and you're using the overlay and all of a sudden YouTube starts playing. That's why we have this feature to make sure that by default everything is muted and you can't get caught by accident. The next super important feature is this overlay resizing. So you can resize the overlay like this. You can also click this button to unlock at the aspect ratio and then just control one dimension like that. There's also a checkbox here so that you can choose to restore the tabs that you were previous using when you start up the overlay. The next pretty cool feature also there's an option here to minimize on focus loss. This is what that does. Basically, when you check it and then you click outside of the overlay like that, it's going to auto minimize it. You see here, if I click outside of the window with the option disabled, then it doesn't minimize. But if I click it and then I click outside, then it minimizes automatically. Now, I've pretty much told you every single feature that this thing has. Of a very important drawback is that Evadus Light is not immune to focus changes like Evadus Core is our other tool. Here's just a quick example of what I mean. So, you see when I click inside it, it says this document has focus. Click outside the document to lose focus. So, and then you'll notice here when I click somewhere like here, it says focus lost. Now, with our other tool, Evadus core, it is immune to these focus changes. However, Evadus light is not. So, if I give that focus again and I double click say on the overlay, you'll see that it says focus lost. If I click there, then I open it again. Focus lost. It is an unfortunate drawback and a lot of proctors use this detection method, which is why we made Evad's call, which can pass this test. Anyway, thank you very much for watching. As always, you can download it from our website, evadas.wtf. Remember to join the Discord server and I will see you guys in the next




Hey everyone, here's a quick updated video on how to use Evadus Core, the AI overlay for cheating. All right, so the first thing you do is you come to our website over here, evadus.wtf, and then you download. As soon as you've run through the setup, you'll see this window. All you have to do is sign in. And it's super easy. It doesn't require any setup whatsoever. Just press start overlay and there we go. Now, please note that this is a demo version, meaning that it can be screen recorded. The one that you get that you download from our website cannot be screen recorded. Let's first go through some in-app settings. Firstly, you can customize your hotkeys to whatever you want to use. Secondly, you can choose your own AI models. By default, it's going to be set to Gemini 2.5 Pro because it has a very good balance of everything, but you can change it based on your needs. So, GPT40 is pretty terrible at everything if I'm being completely honest. Gro 4 is very good if you don't mind it being slow, you just wanted to be really smart. And Claude 3.7 is pretty good, but I recommend sticking to Gemini 2.5 Pro. And this is by far the favorite feature for the community. it is to be able to give your own prompt. As you can see also here, we have a bunch of presets that you can choose from, and you can also edit them, make them your own, and save them. So, you can pretty much hot switch between them whenever you would like. This is the default one. We're going to stick with this one for now. And this is the rapidfire thoughts prompt, which you can also customize if you don't like the responses that you're getting. I recommend changing either of these when you realize that the responses you're getting is not really what you want. You can also change your server location if you notice that your responses are pretty slow. Now, obviously, the first thing that's slowing it down is probably your Wi-Fi, but if your Wi-Fi is pretty fast and you're still noticing slow responses, you can change your server location. So, as you can see, I'm pretty much in the middle of nowhere on the tip of Africa. It's still the Paris server gets me very, very good response times. The US server as well. However, the Tokyo server gets me piss awful response times. Hence why I usually stick to the USA or Paris server. I'm going to go ahead and press start overlay. Then, I'll hide it and press run in background to run the main app in the background. And you'll notice it disappears from the taskbar. There we go. And then I'll press shift alt and h to bring it back. And there we go. First feature I'm sure you're worried about is the name of the app. But don't worry, we're not stupid like other people. We don't call our app a vadus.exe. We hide it with a legitimate sounding name. For example, the version that I installed is called partition balancer router. It looks just like a system app. It blends in fantastically. Also the only people in the industry doing this. Second important feature which I know a lot of people are smartening up about these days is the window focus detection method. Now instead of trying to explain it, I'm just going to show you. Essentially, what it does is this. Let's say this window has focus. Now, if you press anywhere else that isn't in this window, it would lose focus. So, if I press my taskbar, notice it says focus lost. However, if you just keep clicking inside this window, it never loses focus. However, as soon as you click outside this box or outside the window, it loses focus. However, with our app, if I overlay it like this, you see that I can still use my cursor and it doesn't lose focus ever. That's because we allow clicks to pass through our window, meaning that you have to use keyboard shortcuts to use it. The next thing that I'm sure you're worried about is the actual keyboard shortcuts. Can't they see those? Can't they detect it somehow? The answer is yes, but not ours. And once again, instead of explaining it, I'll just show you. So, this is what we call a keyboard event viewer or a keystroke logger. Essentially what it does is it logs all the keystrokes that you press. You can see here I'm just pressing some random WD keys and it logs absolutely everything. So first example you can see here we have a full screen screenshot hotkey. I'm going to press that. Control shift D. Takes a screenshot and nothing gets shown here. And just to show it is active. It just doesn't see anything. How about the mark point screenshot? We'll press control shift and C there. Control shift and C there. And you see there there's a screenshot. And then control shift Q to get an answer based on those two screenshots. And then you see there immediately it starts streaming rapid fire thoughts and then it generates an answer for us. And then obviously you can scroll the content of the main answer and as well as the rapid fire thoughts using these keys. We'll quickly go through these controls. Obviously you can show and hide it like that. You can toggle the bundle or you can toggle the rapid fire section like that. You can also move it around quite easily. You can toggle the transparency, make it minimum, make it maximum, whatever you want, whatever your preference is. And obviously toggle the control section. You can scroll the content of the main answer and also the rapid fire thoughts. The rapid fire thoughts aren't long enough now to scroll, but you can. You obviously have the full screen screenshot feature that works like that and the mark point system that lets you take screenshots of certain parts of your screen. Then you can obviously remove things from the bundle using that hotkey. And then to bring the app back from the background, you can press control shift F7 like that. And then second to last feature, which is pretty important, is the paraphrasing feature. So a lot of you guys write on tests that aren't coding tests like marketing or physics questions. and they use AI detectors on your test like Turn It In. AI detectors are notoriously unreliable, but these universities still use them, but we found a way to circumvent it. So, all you click is the paraphrase hotkey, which is control, shift, and P. So, I press that, it paraphrases, and then it rewrites the entire previous answer in a way that an AI detector cannot detect it, which is incredible. You can paraphrase the same thing up to five times, and it preserves coding. If you do coding, it also preserves your coding. It doesn't mess with the code at all. So, here's how it actually works in practice. I'm going to switch to Claude for this one. I'm going to switch to the coding interview preset and I'm going to add a line that asks it to comment every single line of code. Okay. And I'm pretty happy with the rapid fire thoughts. So, we'll start it again. Run in the background. I'm actually going to toggle the bundle because I know what I'm doing. And then I'm going to take a screenshot here. Control shift D. Scroll down a little bit to get this question as well. Control shift D. And you'll see in the bundle it is there. Then I'm going to press control shift and Q to get an answer. And as you can see, I'm not going to make a cut by the way. You'll see the rapid fire thoughts are just genuinely that quick. And claw 3.7 Sonnet is also super quick. So you can see it did do what we asked it to do. It did comment every single line of code. And in the rapid fire thoughts here, you can see it did give a very, very thorough plan of attack with the two different strategies being the brute force and the hashmap. Now, I know what you're thinking. This sounds way too good to be true. This is probably a scam. This is probably a honeypot or whatever. And I promise you, it's not. It's not super expensive. It's not a scam. You can check it out for yourself. We have users that make videos using our tool on different websites. We have Hacker Rank, Hacker Earth. We have so many different ones. So, you can see that it does genuinely work on every single platform. It's also not expensive at all and it's not like a subscription where you have to pay for a month upfront and then you end up not using it at all and you still have to pay all that money. It's pay per use so you only pay for the credits that you actually use and you can start for as cheap as 10 bucks. Now I know that some of you don't have the money for that which is why we made a free version as well. It's not nearly as good. It doesn't pass a focus test. It doesn't have audio input. It's not as good. However, it is completely free. This is getting its own tutorial video in a couple of days. I'm just telling you guys about it now if you want to use it. A lot of people will actually charge you for something like this. I know something like float browser, they charge you for things like this, which I think is ridiculous. So, I made one. I made it better and I made it completely for free. So, I'm going to be making a tutorial video on this in a couple days. So, stay tuned for that. But, you can use it. So, as always, vades.wtf. Join our Discord server. It's very active. New tips coming out every single day. Other users helping everyone out. Anyway, thank you very much for watching this video and I'll see you in the next


Hey everyone, here's the updated video for Vadus Plus, the cheating tool for Responder, safe exam browser, Pearson View, and just lockdown browsers in general. As usual, you come to the website and you click on the download. It's going to pop this up and also I recommend download the auto updator. Then when you double click it, it's just going to set itself up. So I accept and just click next. And then as soon as it's done, you can just say finish. And then this is what you're going to see. So you just say login to Avdus. Now you can log in with your email address and password. Just have to register an account first if you don't have one. I'm just going to log in with my Google account. Then it's going to say this, but you don't have to worry. It does log you in. And now you're in. So, at the time of recording this video, it's still an open beta, which means you can use it absolutely for free. All you need is an account. However, when you watch this video, it might be out of open beta, and then you need to buy the unlimited subscription. Anyway, first thing you do is you press set up this PC. Then you just click on next. I agree. Then it says you need to add an antivirus exclusion, but you actually don't have to do this because we do it automatically. And it's going to open up this terminal window. Just don't touch anything here. This is the RDP wrapper installing itself. Then when it's done, it's going to look like this. You can press launch or do not launch. It's really the same thing. I recommend do not launching. Let's quickly go through the settings. This is where you will monitor for your exam, which I'll show in a second. This is where you can adjust the resolution. So, you can see here full screen option for me is 1920 x 1080. It might be different for you. I recommend using this if you're inerson exams and then using this if you're just taking an exam on your computer at home. Though, you can still use it like this if you wanted to. I recommend leaving this all as the default. You can also set your own custom resolution here. Then here, add local resources. It's kind of the important stuff. By default, it's going to say raw physical hardware. I recommend leaving this on that option. What that does is it disconnects your microphone from your host and it connects it to the virtual environment, which means that all the exam apps will see your actual physical hardware. However, it will disable your microphone and speakers on your host machine. I also recommend leaving this all at the default. For this demo, obviously, I'm going to need my audios cuz I'm recording. So, I'm just going to say virtual remote audio. And now you're ready to go. So, you just press start virtual environment. All right. So, let me quickly show you some very nifty features about this RDP custom grabber. So, let's say I put my mouse here inside the virtual machine and then I tab out using Ctrl Alt and C. I unlock it. Then, if I click back here, teleports my mouse right back to where it was. So, let's say my mouse right there. You can see it. Actually going to make it a little bit bigger like that. Okay. So, let's say you leave your mouse right here and then you put your mouse, you do something in your host machine, I don't know, you [ __ ] around in the Invaders app and then you go back here. You'll see it just teleports your mouse right back to where it was, which is perfect. Even if you say move the window to over here, it still remembers where your cursor was. So you can move it over here, click back, always remember you where your cursor was. Crl Alt and F is also the full screen hotkey. So you can full screen and unfull screen it in an instance. Let's say you're busy on your host machine cheating. Let's say in an in-person exam, in a physical exam environment, you got people walking around. Then you can very quickly press Ctrl Alt and F to go back into the machine like that. Super quick, only one hotkey. It's perfect. So, this is how you would actually use it on your exam. So, before you start your exam, your exam app, you go into the settings modal right here. You go into interception and then you check for your exam in this list. Now, if it's not in this list, don't worry. It doesn't mean it doesn't work. We might just not have tested it yet. The proctors that we have tested and that we can verify don't work yet are marked with unavailable. As you can see, it's currently a new one. We actually haven't tested this one in a while. It might be working. But yeah, so you can see here all that this monitor does is it monitors for a specific .exe name. So as you can see here, safeexam browser.exe Pearson view as you can see put the version name in the executable. So you might need to use a custom target to target your specific version of Pearson view. Lockdown browser just lockdown browser.exe and then it says when last we tested it. So let's first do an example with lockdown browser. So before I open lockdown browser or before you click the link to start your exam, you just say enable monitor. Go back into the RDP session. You type in lockdown browser. Say yes. And now you can log into your university account and start your exam. It's actually pretty crazy. A guy on our server use meta glasses to film himself cheating in his exam in person with a plus on responders. So it's pretty awesome what people are doing with the app. Let's next quickly show insper. So just inspire integrity. Insper Next, as you can see there, passes all the Inspir checks. Lastly, we'll do safe exam browser since I know a lot of you guys use that. So, we'll just say monitor. Start safe exam browser. Now, safe exam browser is notoriously slow. So, this is probably going to take like two or three minutes to actually do its thing. So, yeah, I'll just speed it up. Okay, guess not. But yeah, there we go. You can log into Safe Exam Browser with no problem. Oh, there it is. There's the lag. But uh yeah, it doesn't take long at all. Sometimes it takes about 2 minutes and sometimes really quick. I think that's just safe exam browser. Maybe just my connection dropping sometimes. But yeah, we also had a guy post a video using it on PSN view this morning in the server which I pasted on our YouTube channel which is so awesome. By the way, if you post a video of yourself using Evadus Plus on your exam software, you get featured in a video and then you get a free subscription. Also, we have so many user friendly features such as if you have a subscription like me here. So, let's say for an example, you have a test in January and then in March, you don't have to pay for three months of subscription. You can pay for one month and then just cancel the recurring billing and then freeze it and then unfreeze it again when you need it. And as always, join the Discord server if you have any questions or if you need help or anything of the sort. As always, thank you very much for watching and thank you for supporting the best cheating software out there. Chess.
